PROJ-172 : Read through proccesses (#101)
SW805F20/report: sections/introduction/our-process.tex

Due to our team size, the challenger and anchor will also work as developers during the duration of the project.

\subsection{Prioritizing tasks}

> Our backlog is saved as a board on Jira which is a poject management tool.
> The backlog can be seen on \autoref{fig:to-do-board}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our backlog is saved as a board on Jira which is a project management tool, an example of the backlog can be seen on \autoref{fig:to-do-board}.
```

The leftmost column is the \textit{Suggested} column.
Everyone can make suggestions for tasks that they find useful for the project.
After each stand-up meeting, the challenger will present new suggestions that seem relevant to work on in the near future.

> This presentation will include the definition of done(DoD), and all members of the group will then vote on how valuable it is for the project and how time-consuming it is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This presentation will include the definition of done (DoD), and all members of the group will then vote on how valuable it is for the project and how time-consuming it is.
```

Står DoD i listen over abbreviations?
